hello everyone knows batten morning
today we find ourselves live on
what kind of black ops two years ago I launched
a little snipers and we get
found on the map id jaked so for
start I wish you a very
happy New Year
we just started the year 2013 and then
here we have taken the courses anyway
I took the lessons it's true that
it's a bit complicated because it was
at festive times and suddenly
resume classes well it's a bit
the routine is a little everyday life
everyone finally anyway for the
most people who listen to me
because I know that people who
watch my videos are aged 12 13
years to here it can go up to ten
nine years after that depends on there are some
accounts that are a bit phony
I know there are people who have
over 80 from 80 years old and he had watched
video but that's really
people we create phony accounts
because yeah I can not imagine by
example my grandmother or my grandfather
look at collodi circles but
voila
frankly this year it was a very
happy new year anyway for me because
that we moved east of 2000 after
what 10,000 subscribers so that was
really a sick thing it's I
think it's mostly thanks to a
to the videos that I did in front before
the release of black ops 2 so that's it
helped me a lot
people around me who have me
helped and I thank him thank you
you watching my video load
be one
so it's a little hot that's it
nine so that was almost two
weeks I had not done any video and I
will tell you a little bit why he gives
reason
as in the last two videos
sick shocks I got a cold I had a
angina I have a little something that you
drunk most people that
it's really the basic disease that
a lot of people catch it
what every two months or something from
kind but me it's really the thing
who gets drunk and that I can you have
that I do not arrive finally I do not understand
his share is not that it's already two
weeks that I'm sick and never I
cough that's it I'm drunk and is
then down the other reason is that I
play a lot more at black ops 2 I know
not if it's the same for you but
here is finally I'm pretty geek and at the
exit from the game and that makes that now
I'm a little fed up but hey I'm ok
still play a little bit but I
you admit that
that's it a lot more I'm going back over
on modern from and and gta with the
members of my team and then here I play
really quietly
it's true that every day I have to play
are we going to say half an hour game did not
played a huge half an hour an hour
no more then before that it makes
finally turn the exit of the coop of
game but I did not even count the hours
but at the base I often play that
can last one to two hours a day
when really what are these pages and
I remind you that in the last
video it seems to me in my before
last video I said I had
a lot of time to play lens for that
that I can
I can play one to two hours a day
but we think of you that I have a little
fed up but hey it's that's normal
because I really indicated to the
exit of the ve is what makes that ben
that's when we say a lot about the same
final day we start to get fed up
but this year in my opinion it's going
have a lot of surprises because
I was at 5 going out
in spring so it seems like yeah that to
the end of the year there is the dlc that's
blake as the key to go out at the end of
month we feel that there are four maps one
zombie map that alert to not bad to
new mode
if I understood a new mode 1.3
and we can embody a zombie that has
look pretty stylish and a new weapon
in addition so I saw this trailer I was
there frankly it's okay
allow to see the to spend a little bit of
time me personally the
the game pack
I expect it more for the zombie than the
multi even though the maps she looked
quite stylish we saw that there was a
kind of a waterfall I do not know
which they could take us
a lot of little things
nice enough but i have so i'm waiting
more for the zombie since ben here
that's the secret zombies all that is
challenged with the mates it's pretty south
do this stuff and so that's it
and in addition we were told that
microsoft was going to show his next
xbox halo 3 I'm more like it
call
finally xbox the next generation
console what are they going for there they go it has
shown at e3 and and will come out late 2013
so I would say more October
November December
so yeah that's rather it's rather a
good surprise and I do not think that that
was coming soon I thought
more 2014
yeah that's right it's going to get more
2013 which may be pretty hot
this is the price must know that the ps3
when she came out she cost 600
euros and there all the shots okay
further increase the games when one is
ps2 and ps3 past sas increased
Verry much
she has all the blows when we go
from ps3 aps cat and xbox to the
the xbox just not how we call it
the next xbox it will still increase
every time so it may be
quite complicated in my opinion in my opinion
video games that will end up getting
transform as a luxury hobby
that's how it gets more and more expensive
and they will put us more dlc
for each game it's going to be pretty
15 candy what good in any case I know
no I made some 15 bodies that I
went I had first meaning that
I made about thirty that he acted
to die 13 times good it's not a huge
score jo this is the first part as
I play more
so here I hope that
Did you like this video
I do not know when do I do it again
a video made in the week on gta
I think with the number of matches and we
will
and in any case I wish you to
all a happy new year 2013 go bye all
the world